Profile - Militia


Rakesh Kukatla
rakeshkelm@gmail.com
smart apps : rakeshbingk@gmail.com
p2p : git rakeshkelm
web : github.com/rakeshkelm
Cloud : Skype, Zoom, Teams and other
7 Elm Street
Exurban New York-Binghamton, NY, USA.


About
Build and Operationalize a planet
Expand and Update Independent Interest.


Militia
Rakesh Kukatla
Nov 2021 - present
Exurban New York-Binghamton, NY, USA.
Earth Backup
p2p : git (rakeshkelm)
web : github.com/rakeshkelm/notes
Finished USA route (Federal Reserve Bank - 2021), Southern route (Mexico - 2022) and starting on Northern route (Alaska - May 2023).






Resume


Rakesh Kukatla
Consultant and Advisor


About


Projects involving strategy, operations, competition analysis, product positioning, program management, project management, user experience, user interface, systems and data migration, infrastructure design, systems and software operations and support, software design and development, people and process scaling.


Experience
 
Programmer/Analyst and Project Manager
Harvard University
Nov 2005 - Jul 2007 · 1 yr 9 mos
Boston, MA, USA.
Research and Education
Increased efficiency by migrating existing processes and systems to state of the art. Generated savings of hundreds of thousands of dollars per year.


Program Manager and Programmer/Analyst
Cornell University
Mar 2000 - Aug 2003 · 3 yrs 6 mos
Exurban New York-Ithaca, NY, USA.
Research and Education
Increased impact and effectiveness by establishing an information technology program. Achieved two hundred percent increase in enterprise wide impact and 5x increase in effectiveness.


Consultant
Home Owners Loan Corp.
Dec 1999 - Feb 2000 · 3 mos
Atlanta, GA, USA.
Financial Services
Increased scaling capacity of a fast growing retail lending company. Managed 10x growth in revenues.


Volunteering


Regional Program Lead, Community Engagement & Partnerships
American Red Cross
Mar 2021 - Present
Exurban New York-Binghamton, NY, USA.
Disaster and Humanitarian Relief
Develop community engagement and partnerships to support both strategic and operational field activities.


Consultant
Rakesh Kukatla
Nov 2019 - Present
Exurban New York-Binghamton, NY, USA.
Consulting
Available for Pro Bono Consulting.


AmeriCorps VISTA Member
Corporation for National and Community Service
Oct 2019 - Feb 2020 · 5 mos
Exurban New York-Binghamton, NY, USA.
Health
Design and implement strategies to build capacities in
Community Health Education and Behavioral Health for
the Rural Health Network serving South Central New York.


Education


Master of Science, M.S, 1999
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA, USA